Add note about HTTP endpoint (#183)
conan-io/conan-io.github.io: _posts/2021-03-31-Bintray-sunset-timeline.markdown

of JFrog Bintray which are relevant to users of Conan Package Manager"
---

### Updates

> As of 2021-04-27, we have added three new relevant notes to the timeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 2021-04-27, we have added one new relevant note to the timeline:
```
